Yes, yes, yes, the prince is right
The prince has guarded the building for so many years
Admired by the people
Becoming a saint is expected
Do you hear me?
Now I am the only patron saint of Great Xia
And I command it to rain
The end of the previous deity does not have to exist
Send a child's head
I want to give you a gift too.
To Tianzun Tomb
As you come to the world
Give up hahahaha Li Xiaotian Li Xiaoqian
Did you know you have today too?
Fried old and new
Blow God into fireworks
Invite our prince to celebrate his enthronement
The Great Emperor is mighty
Station Station Station Station
Your ability is worse than your father's.
Don't think you are the son of Tianzun, China
I am still the perfect Great Xia Saint Sun